Tell us about yourself and your background.

Describe a full rack setup to the best of your extent - how does data flow from one end to another? 
Eg. Describe an ex3 rack and what each LRU does as though I am in High School.

What does NC stand for? What does SDU stand for?

Describe an issue you saw on the rack and your steps to troubleshooting it and resolving it completely. 

Describe the steps you took towards troubleshooting an issue you saw on an eXW rack. 

Where would I find the configuration files for the SDUs?

Pretend you are troubleshooting a rack. When the flight is switched to "decomp", the "decomp" PRAM does not launch. 
What would be your steps to troubleshoot this issue? 



How would you rate your knowledge of Linux on a scale of 1-10, 7 being average?

List 10 different Linux commands in increasing complexity and describe what each one does.

Say I want to find a file called zhanar.txt in my system from root. What command would I run to do so?

What command kills a running process in Linux?

What does this command do? #grep -r "Daniel" *

What does this command do? #tail -f 

How many lines does the "#tail -f" command output by default?




How would you rate your knowledge of SQL on a scale of 1-10, 7 being average?

What does SQL stand for?

Imagine I am a high schooler. Explain to me what SQL is and how a SQL database works.

Explain to me what a primary key is as though I am a high shcooler. 

What command would you use to list out all of the columns and types of a table named "Test"

What table holds data for PRAMs?


How would you rate your knowledge of Computer Networking on a scale of 1-10, 7 being average?
Our Seatbacks utilize soft IPs, can you describe the concept of hard and soft IPs?
How is the IP of an ADB set? 
What is a static IP address and why is it required from our gateways to log into the racks? 
What does IP stand for?
What is a MAC address?

Have you ever had a conflict or disagreement with a coworker of yours, and if so, how did you resolve it? 
Describe your greatest strength and your greatest weakness.
Why should we hire you? What would you bring to my team?